Update Redis pub/sub component specs to match code (#4049)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-redis-pubsub.md

| redisUsername      | N        | Username for Redis host. Defaults to empty. Make sure your redis server version is 6 or above, and have created acl rule correctly. | `""`, `"default"`
| consumerID         | N        | The consumer group ID   | `"myGroup"`
| enableTLS          | N        | If the Redis instance supports TLS with public certificates, can be configured to be enabled or disabled. Defaults to `"false"` | `"true"`, `"false"`

> | redeliverInterval  | N        | The interval between checking for pending messages to redeliver. Can use either seconds or milliseconds. Defaults to `"60s"`. `"0"` disables redelivery. | `"30s"`, `"5000"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| redeliverInterval  | N        | The interval between checking for pending messages to redeliver. Can use either be Go duration string (for example "ms", "s", "m") or milliseconds number. Defaults to `"60s"`. `"0"` disables redelivery. | `"30s"`, `"5000"`
```

> | processingTimeout  | N        | The amount time that a message must be pending before attempting to redeliver it. Can use either seconds or milliseconds. Defaults to `"15s"`. `"0"` disables redelivery. | `"30s"`, `"600000"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| processingTimeout  | N        | The amount time that a message must be pending before attempting to redeliver it. Can use either be Go duration string ( for example "ms", "s", "m") or milliseconds number. Defaults to `"15s"`. `"0"` disables redelivery. | `"60s"`, `"600000"`
```
